Rephrase the two criteria for resolving `ref` calls with the `--defer` flag (#6660)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/reference/node-selection/defer.md

</VersionBlock>

By default, dbt uses the [`target`](/reference/dbt-jinja-functions/target) namespace to resolve `ref` calls.

> But with `--defer`, dbt will use the state manifest instead if the following criteria are met:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `--defer` is enabled, dbt resolves ref calls using the state manifest instead, but only if:
```

> 1. The node isn’t in the selected nodes **and**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. The node isn’t among the selected nodes, _and_
```

#### Favor state

> If `--favor-state` is passed, dbt will favor the node definition from the `--state` directory, _unless_ that node is also included among the selected nodes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When `--favor-state` is passed, dbt prioritizes node definitions from the `--state directory`. However, this doesn’t apply if the node is also part of the selected nodes.
```
